Update get-started-core-ediscovery.md (#9921)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/get-started-core-ediscovery.md

1. Go to the compliance portal and sign in using the credentials for an admin account in your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 organization.

> 2. On the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2173597" target="_blank">**Permissions**</a> page, expand the **Microsoft Purview solution** section
> 3. Click on **Roles** section and Click on **eDiscovery Manager** check box.
> 4. On the eDiscovery Manager flyout page, Click **Edit Role Group**/
> 5. On the **Choose eDiscovery Manager** page in the edit role group wizard, Click **Choose dicovery manager**
> 6. Click **Add** then select the checkbox for all users you want to add to the role group.
> 7. Click **Add** to add the selected users, and then click **Done**.
> 8. Click **Save** to add the users to the role group, and then click **Close** to complete the step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2173597" target="_blank">**Permissions**</a> page, expand the **Microsoft Purview solution** section.
3. Select **Roles** and then select the **eDiscovery Manager** check box.
4. On the eDiscovery Manager flyout page, select **Edit Role Group**.
5. On the **Choose eDiscovery Manager** page in the edit role group wizard, select **Choose discovery manager**.
6. Select **Add**, then select the checkbox for all users you want to add to the role group.
7. Select **Add** to add the selected users, and then select **Done**.
8. Select **Save** to add the users to the role group, and then select **Close** to complete the step.
```
